Feat: AI Request Transformer plugin (#632)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/_how-tos/transform-a-client-request-with-ai.md

---
title: Transform a request body using OpenAI in {{site.base_gateway}}
content_type: how_to
related_resources:
  - text: AI Gateway
    url: /ai-gateway/

description: Use the AI Request Transformer plugin with OpenAI to transform a client request body before proxying it.

products:
    - gateway

works_on:
    - on-prem
    - konnect

min_version:
  gateway: '3.6'

plugins:
  - ai-request-transformer

entities: 
  - service
  - route
  - plugin

tags:
    - ai-gateway

tldr:
    q: How can I use AI to transform a client request before proxying it?

>     a: Enable the AI Request Transformer plugin, configure the parameters under `config.llm` to access your LLM and describe the transformation to perform with the `config.prompt` parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    a: Enable the [AI Request Transformer](/plugins/ai-request-transformer/) plugin, configure the parameters in `config.llm` to access your LLM and describe the transformation to perform with the `config.prompt` parameter.
```
